i worry about you
oh they're in the middle of nowhere all
by yourself the cartels are running
everything through there
drugs people guns i don't scare easy
i've seen darkness who's the best dog in
the world and i've seen
what we can do come from pima county
merchants bank
let you know that the ranches be sold at
auction i just need a little time to
sort things out
you're never gonna make it smiles to the
nearest road i'll call border patrol
i come here to take the woman and the
boy i was in the marine corps so i
suggest you all turn around in adios i'm
a soldier too
my orders are to take them back with me
you're not safe here let's go
what the hell were you thinking taking
that kid they were gonna kill him they
were waiting for him at the border
you dare me a lot to appreciate what i'm
doing for you you wanna help me you take
me back i'll find my own way home i'm
taking you to your family in chicago
after that i don't care what you do
the man you saw the border is from the
vasquez cartel
he'll find you and when he does he will
kill you
[Music]
this kid didn't bring any of this on
himself
he just needs someone to give him a
chance
do you think i like in chicago there are
good times ahead for you miguel
he's your grandson no his mother asked
me to look after him she must have had a
lot of faith in you
[Music]
god
looks like you had a little incident
[Music]
if you stray outside the designated
areas you will be removed from the
island
it's recommended you wear a hijab when
visiting your client we've had incidents
of inmates spitting at female lawyers
you want to represent the head recruiter
for 9 11.
muhammadu al-slahi the mauritanian held
in guantanamo
you recruited the guys who flew your
friend's plane into the south tower
he put those men on my husband's plane
i'm gonna make him pay in the event the
detainee lunges for you push back away
from the table we'll get in there as
quick as we can
[Music]
i'm nancy hollander this is my associate
we wish to represent you
we are seeking the death penalty but if
we miss something this guy goes home
let's get to it call this number speak
to my mother
tell her i don't know something nice
the u.s government is holding upwards of
700 prisoners guantanamo
since when did we start locking people
up without a trial in this country
that's a lot of case styles the
prosecution won't show us the evidence
they have against you
it's all redacted you get a problem take
it up with the government
all my time here i've been told you are
guilty
not for something that i have done but
because of suspicions
and associations i am innocent he has
been interrogated he has been held
against his will
for six years without a single charge
being laid against him
doesn't it bother you at all working for
someone like this
i'm not just defending him i'm defending
the rule of law you haven't seen what
i've seen
where i'm from in mauritania we know not
to trust the police
but never did i believe that the united
states of america would use fear
and terror to control me a couple of
surplus nights that's awesome
i've never been part of a conspiracy but
i'm starting to think
this is what it must feel like to be on
the outside you're overthinking this
either wear the jersey or get off the
field
you need to tell me what happened to you
i can't defend you do you understand
that
you asked me to set fire to this place
but i'm still
maybe he's guilty maybe he is we're
doing our job i'm not welcome home
that's not a part of my job
if i'm wrong when it comes to my record
and i'm the one that have to add support
what makes you think you're any better
than the rest of us i don't think i'm
better than anybody else that is
important
for eight years i have been dreaming of
being in a courtroom
now that i'm here i'm scared to death
you know i think i figured out why they
built guantanamo down there
my client he's not a suspect he's a
witness
mr slahi would you please raise your
right hand and repeat after me
[Music]
the mauritanian
should we take a look at them then right
things like this are usually done
through museums
yes but with the wall coming they
couldn't embark upon any new ventures
well i've been on digs since i was old
enough to hold a trowel
my father taught me
what are they we're standing in
someone's graveyard i reckon
viking oh maybe older
mr brown is an archaeologist i'm an
excavator
you've come to dig up the mounds so you
think there's something beneath
who are those men they're from the
museum she
gods this is pretty i think you'd better
come and see
why would anyone want to bury a ship i'd
expect this is a grave of a warrior
or a king there's more there's much more
wars looming more all hands are on deck
to excavate before hostilities begin
the dark ages are no longer dark
everyone's going to want a piece and
this is your find
why else will you be playing around in
the dirt while the rest of the country
prepares for war
does that mean something didn't it
from the first human handprint on a cave
wall
we're part of something continuous
life is very fleeting i've learned that
would you have dinner with me yes it has
moments you should seize
a man can dig the earth his whole life
through
[Music]
[Applause]
mr brown we're coming towards the edge
of the atmosphere
you say the word an oil dig
[Music]
me
why is
[Music]
foreign
me
m
foreign
[Music]
life is a road straight and narrow
stay on the road and it will take you
safely home
but make a wrong turn
and you will meet the darkness
[Music]
what was that
the detectives here she's gonna be
taking over
i'm certain i know you from somewhere
i don't think so
come on stay and play
look i have a marriage to protect
you're afraid i'm gonna expose you to
your wife
it wasn't a robbery can you think of
anyone who might want to harm you
friends family
or a woman you screwed
and discarded
[Music]
this wasn't part of the plan
did you do it did i do what
i am not a murderer
i don't believe you
i made one wrong turn
[Music]
and it cost me everything well then you
shouldn't have come to vegas
oh god nothing's easy with you
[Music]
is
[Applause]
[Music]
i'm not quite sure that everyone can
imagine
what difficulties you face as a mayor in
palestine
we don't have our own currency we cannot
visit jerusalem
we are surrounded on all sides by
israeli settlements
[Music]
foreign
it's about dignity
[Music]
foreign
you have been found guilty of improper
entry into the united states of america
you're now in removal procedures
hernandez
the
foreign
[Music]
regression
is
[Music]
you